The parking lot rumbles with activity as the construction crane lugs its cargo past the cars.
One foggy morning, in a warehouse on the edge of town, a young apartment serviceman named Mr. McDonald wakes up in his small loft hanging off the ceiling of the warehouse.
He stretches and GERONIMOS off the hanging loft and into a huge pile of bean bags.
“Oof!” he exclaims as he belly-flops onto the massive pile of bean bags.
After lying comfortably there for a few minutes, he lugs himself out and skulks towards a long and straight slide, 
which he takes into his dressing room with a dresser coated in rubber.
He then walks out of his home and into his car. After a few moments of driving, his car hits a crystal of salt and pops the tire!
McDonald climbs through the top of his car, and falls out a few moments later.
As he bounces across the landscape, he notices The Unsprung Mousetrap, a coffee, tea, and breakfast place, looming into view.
He crashes into the door with a deafening THOD and lies outside.
While he was lying on the ground, he was just building up potential energy, and then he flies through an open window and hits a tall man in a spotted tie and an orange coat.
After the 2 men stand up, McDonald apologizes by saying “Sorry, Mr. umm… uhh... ”
The other man says “Mr. Cole Alvorado, CEO of Baboodle Airlines Co.”
“I’ll buy you an egg omelet and a carrot-cake muffin to make up for it!”
“Thank you, Mr. uhh… umm… hmmm...” “McDonald, apartment maintenance person.”
McDonald buys the food and sits down to eat a scrumptious breakfast with Cole.
“So you like aircraft?” Asks Cole.
Yes, I like aircraft very much. Are you saying that I can join the Airlines?”
“Yes, I am saying that you can join the Airlines. I’ll give you my phone number and I’ll call you tomorrow to tell you what jobs are open.”
The two soon-to-be-business-partners finish up their breakfasts and McDonald walks back home.
The next day, 2:00 AM…
BRROP! BROP! BRP! Mr. McDonald’s phone rings with a call from Cole.
He flops out of his bed and next to his nightstand.
“Hello?” “Hi, this is Cole. I am here to talk about jobs. 
I looked at our rosters and I only found 1 job for you...” 
“-Pilot?! Tower officer?! Gate manager?!” 
“...Flight steward.”
“D’ OH!” 
“It’s ok, you have the job on our swankiest type of airliner, the Colossus, a 3-story 10-engine jet with comfy beds, a bar and restaurant, a small pool, and a gaming area with 3 Xbox consoles, monitors, and other games like Connect 4.” 
“Yay! I’ve heard about that kind of airliner, and now I get to RIDE on it?!?!?!?!?!” 
McDonald jumps for joy and falls off the loft, into the beanbags.
His job goes uneventfully, until one day…
Mr. McDonald jogs through the jetway and into a Flappie Airworks 868 Colossus jet waiting at the terminal. 
Unbeknownst to anyone, three RC-803 Tesla Crab robots crawl through the huge baggage compartment, making bleeping, screeching, brooping, and booping sounds.
The Crabs are planning to attack the pilots and seize control of the plane.
VROOOSHHHHH! The Colossus roars off the runway and into the very clear skies.
In the baggage compartment, the Crabs light up their Tesla coils, ring-shaped lightning cannons, and Tocha Mochi pellet cannons that fire 123 pellets per second when active. 
As the humongous aircraft swipes through the clouds, the eighteen-legged robotic triplet slowly climbs up into the 1st level, right into the bathroom. 
Mr. McDonald walks through the 2nd level and into the restaurant to clear some dishes when something cold and metally brushes past his jeans. 
BRWAZEBZOBAP! One of the Crabs makes a loud robotic sound and starts attacking the restaurant’s smoothie machine with its Tesla coil. 
The smoothie machine overloads and starts dumping lots of smoothie onto the Crab, causing it to skittle across the floor, down the stairs, right onto Crab number 2. 
Crab 2 crawls into the bar with Crab 1 upside down on its back. 
Both Crabs start to zap the beer tap, making it blow up and launch beer all over the bar area. 
The Crabs are sprayed with beer and Crab #2 is blinded, while the force of the beer jet blasts off its Tesla coil control unit, disabling Crab 1’s coil. 
Crab 1’s sparking Tesla control unit, a small handle, and about 10.5 liters of beer blast down the stairs, right into Mr. McDonald’s face. 
As McDonald wipes the beer off his face, he fails to notice the Crab tumbling towards his face, and it thwacks into McDonald, sending him down the steps into the cockpit. 
The Crabs skitter into the cockpit and Crab 2 zaps the autopilot, triggering an alarm which causes the pilot to leap up and accidentally pull the ejection handle on his seat, making the copilot also launch out of the cockpit. 
As the alarms sound, the three Crabs start clutching the controls with their Tesla rings, causing the tail to go down. 
McDonald starts whacking the Crabs, but he ends up just getting his knuckles hurt. 
He races to the restaurant and grabs a steak cleaver, then jogs down into the cockpit.
McDonald tries to cleave off Crab 1’s Tesla coil, and cuts it in half, but the static electricity blasts out and onto the cleaver, making the blade glow with mini lightning bolts.
“Thank goodness this cleaver has a rubber handle.” 
Crab 1 starts to blast McDonald with its Tocha Mochi, but the pellets are deflected by the cleaver. 
One of the Tocha pellets fly into the place where Crab 1’s Tesla control box used to be, making Crab 1 explode. 
One of Crab 1’s legs fly off and gets stuck in Crab 3’s Tesla coil. 
McDonald runs into the bar and grabs a bottle of wine, then tosses it into the cockpit and onto Crab 2, covering it in a thin film of wine. 
Crab 2 desperately tries to skittle onto the control panel, but the sticky wine film sticks up the joints and makes Crab 2 an easy target for McDonald’s electric cleaver. 
Crab 2’s left-side Tocha Mochi gets sliced by the cleaver, causing the Tocha pellets to pour out of the barrel and onto the carpet. 
The Tocha pellets start rolling down the floor, and McDonald starts to roll down the floor too. 
He starts clambering up the stairs, into the game room. 
As McDonald flops into the game room, he trips on a Lego brick and hurts his foot, making him fall into the ball pit. 
Crab 3 enters the game room and starts zapping the Xbox consoles, making one monitor explode, hitting Crab 3 with a 1200-gigabyte 45-pound memory complex, causing Crab 3’s Tesla coil to rip off and fly into a foosball table, where two kids are playing. 
Startled by the sudden appearance of the Tesla coil, the 2 children run into the ball pit and land on Mr. McDonald. 
“OOF” shouts McDonald, making him sink deeper into the ball pit. 
The 2 kids start pulling him out of the pit, and accidentally put him on top of Crab 4. 
While this is happening, the aircraft is wobbling about, causing another flight steward to lose his balance and roll down the aisle, and into Crab 4 with McDonald on it. 
The 2 stewards trip on each other and begin tumbling down the stairs, into the pool, where a floatie is occupied by a group of young men. 
One of the young men is one of McDonald’s friends, Air Dude. 
Air Dude had encountered Tesla Crabs before, and knew what to do about them. 
After quickly telling Air Dude about the situation, McDonald and Air Dude run into the restaurant and snatch a crème brulèè, which they heave into Crab 4’s Tesla coil. 
Then, McDonald runs into the bar and clutches a stool, which he yeets down the stairs, accidentally hitting Air Dude, but then the stool bounces off Air Dude and through the aisle, onto the bathroom door, causing it to fall into the toilet. 
The toilet water causes Crab 4’s central control circuits to malfunction and start randomly fire its Tocha Mochi, hitting the door and blasting it down the aisle, hitting a flight attendant, who just happens to be carrying a 2-barreled shotgun which he loads and fires with a KABLAMMM, hitting Crab 4’s Tesla coil, spewing pieces of high-speed steel and fiberglass through the aisle.
A piece of buckshot slips into Crab 4’s Tocha Mochi cannon, causing the last Crab to explode with a KABOOOM. 
With the crabs out of the way, McDonald hurries into the cabin and starts to seize control of the aircraft. 
“Ok, everyone! I will be landing this aircraft in North Fresno, so hang tight.” 
announces McDonald to the passengers of the plane. 
McDonald grabs the control shaft and pulls back, causing the plane to nose up. 
"I have flown aircraft before, but the controls of the Colossus are super unfamiliar."
McDonald picks up the radio and radios to the North Fresno Army Base to be at the landing site. 
“Woop, woop, woop, woop!” a group of 5 Fresno FR-2679 Armored Personnel Carriers blare their klaxons as they smoothly travel over the rough & mushy swamps of North Fresno. 
The Commander of APC 1 sticks his head out the hatch of his vehicle and sees the ginormous airplane looming into view. 
“Hello, this is APC 1 of Task Group 72. Can you read me?” the Commander calls to the aircraft. 
McDonald, in the cockpit, replies “Hello, I am Mr. McDonald, and I have taken over the controls from the pilot. A group of 4 Tesla Crab robots attacked the pilot and copilot, causing them to eject, so I am piloting it.” 
APC 1’s tire slips into the marsh! “Hello, this is APC 1. We appear to have fallen into the marsh, so we can’t be there when you land. Maybe we could pick you all up after you land.” 
McDonald pulls back the handle and thinks to himself: “I know how to fly planes for years now, but I’ve never flown an airliner before today! I’m not 100% sure how you coordinate this aircraft, but I’ll try.” 
Rumble! The aircraft’s tail lurches down...
Get mad!
Don't make lemonade
Prometheus was punished by the gods for giving the gift of knowledge to man. He was cast into the bowels of the earth and pecked by birds.
It won't be enough.
The answer is beneath us.
Her name is Caroline.
Remember that!
That's all I can say.
(intro)
Standing tough, under stars and stripes we can tell
This dream's in sight
You've got to admit it,
At this point in time that it's clear
The future looks bright
On that train, all graphite and glitter
Undersea by rail
90 minutes from New York to Paris
Well by 76
We'll be A-OK
What a beautiful world this will be
What a glorious time to be free
What a beautiful world this will be
What a glorious time to be free
Get your ticket to that wheel in space while there's time
The fix is in
You'll be a witness
To that game of chance
in the sky
You know we've got to win
Here at home we'll play in the city
Powered by the sun
Perfect weather for a streamlined world
There'll be spandex jackets, one for everyone
What a beautiful world this will be
What a glorious time to be free
What a beautiful world this will be
What a glorious time to be free
(instrumental)
On that train, all graphite and glitter
Undersea by rail
90 minutes from New York to Paris
Well by 76
We'll be A-OK
What a beautiful world this will be
What a glorious time to be free
What a beautiful world this will be
What a glorious time to be free
(outro)